### Experience in  Machine learning, Linux architecture, Shell Scripts, and Development.
```SVM```   ```Computatinal Biology```  ```Shell Scripts```  ```Django```  ```HPC```  ```Big Data``` ```Bioinformatics```  ```Visualisation```
* **PPI (Protein Protein Interaction)**
  * Objective of the project was to predict the interations of protein of any pathogen with Human Proteins
  * I designed and developed a closest protein prediction algorithm which finds the most similar protein for the query protein from the HPRD(Human Protein Reference Database).
  * Support Vector machine is used to find the similiarity between secondary structure
  * A web portal is also been developed to provide algorithm's access to the world, where anyone can submit their query protein and our server will find the closest protein for them and the results are shown with proper visualization.(beta the version is available [here](https://compbio.iitr.ac.in/ppi))
  * Technologies used are Machine learning, Python, Linux Shell Scripts, Javascript, HTML, CSS, Locally configured Linux packages.
  * Packages from Computaional Biology and Bioinformatics Domain like Modeller, Kpax, Blast, Muster, Psipred, Pymol, Clastalo are used
  * *Note code will we public soon*

### Experience in Big Data Visualisation, Scraping, Data Aquisition, and Graph Databases
```Relational Database```   ```Graph Database(Neo4j)```  ```Gephi```  ```WebGL```  ```Visjs and sigmajs```  ```D3js and Threejs```
* **Dispel**
  * objective of this project was to create network graph on web for medicinal plant and human disease cured by them
  * I have designed and developed a web portal for accessing and visualization of a relational database.
  * Curated Database of medicinal plants and disease cured by them is also prepared by me having around 5k medicinal plants.
  * An algorithm to find the most important medicinal plant is implemented, another algorithm which assign a weight to the nodes of the network which are basically medicinal plants for us has also been implemented, data for the algorithm is collected from the research paper, books, internet sites, thesis, and statistics.
  * Technologies and software that I used for that are Python, Django, Neo4j, Javascript, HTML, CSS, and WebGL
  * Wireframe Protype is available [here](https://graphweb.herokuapp.com/primus/)

### Experience in Deep Learning and Machine Learning[](#experience-in-deep-learning-an-machine-learning)
```Computer Vision```   ```Signal Processing```  ```CNN```  ```RNN```  ```Object Detection```  ```Digital Image Processing``` 

* **ECG and EEG signal Processing**<br>
  * Objective of project was filtering of signals and Classification into different classes of Epilepsy<br>
  * Denoising is done using wavelet transfromation
  * Different form of waves are extracted using butterworth filter
  * Different machine learning algorithms are tested after feature extraction from the signals
  * Finally CNN modal was build 
  * Sample code is available [here](https://github.com/durgesh123-iitr/sudo_eeg)
  * *note: Classification and remaining code will be public soon currently it is in my private repo of [primus00](https://github.com/primus00) account*
* **Openpose and Human Pose Classification**
  * objective of project was analyse students actions during examination.
  * I build a LSTM classifier on the top of results generated by OpenPose.
  * That was a tedious task because installation and configuration of OpenPose was not a cake walk.
  * I also tried to create a web based portal to generate data to train on your own specific data. 
  * On further addition a registration portal was also made with face verification functionality
  
* **Scene Text Detection** 
  * Objective of this project was to extract location of specific text in image
  * I used tensorflow model's object detection to get the specific part out 
  * I generate data using [Labelimg](https://github.com/tzutalin/labelImg) which is a tool to create annotation file for image written in python

* **OCR** 
  * Objective of this project is to get knowledge about Optical character Recognition
  * I used the tensorflow implementation of [EAST: An Efficient and Accurate Scene Text Detector](https://github.com/argman/EAST) algorithm
* **EEG and RR-Interval data From AIIMS Rishikesh**
  * Objective was to tune poincare algorithms and Cosinor Plot.
  * I developed a advanced version of poincare algorithms as directed by the doctors of AIIMS and provide them with a command line python package to run it.
  * Cosinor Plot for RR interval data was implemented in matlab 
  * codes are available here [Cosinor](https://github.com/durgesh123-iitr/cosinor_matlab) and [Poincare](https://github.com/durgesh123-iitr/poincare)
  * I also worked on automatic PDF generation for data for them code is available [here](https://github.com/durgesh123-iitr/FrequencyDomain)
* **Image classification**
  * Objective was to learn about deep learning models especially CNNs
  * I successfully implemented Basis CNN model achitecture in keras and further used pretrained models like *Vgg19,* *Vgg19,* *Alexnet,* *etc* 
  * I used above models to classify between dog and cat(data from kaggle), among different breeds of dogs(data from kaggle), logo detection(data from flickr), among flowers(data from kaggle) and Chest Xrays (data provided by Dr. Deepak Sharma)(data was not upto the mark *i.e* very less in number so. results was not upto the mark).
 
